MTK: MIG-3921 (#3020)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/migration_toolkit/55/06_building_toolkit.properties_file.mdx

!!! Note
    - If datatype `tinyInt(1)` is used to store byte values other than 0 and 1 in the MySQL source database, make sure to append the optional parameter `?tinyInt1isBit=false` in the MySQL Connector/J JDBC Driver URL.    

>     - Due to a bug in the MySQL Connector/J JDBC Driver 8.0.26, the migration of foreign key constraints fails in certain cases. EDB recommends that you don't use this driver for migrating data using Migration Toolkit. Instead, use the latest 8.0.30 version of the MySQL Connector/J JDBC Driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Due to a bug in the MySQL Connector/J JDBC Driver 8.0.26, the migration of foreign key constraints fails in certain cases. EDB recommends that you don't use this driver for migrating data using Migration Toolkit. Instead, use MySQL Connector/J JDBC Driver 8.0.30 or later.
```
